You’re my favorite person besides every other person I’ve ever met.
I envy people who have never met you.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
You’re kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
Those aren’t acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You’re not pretty enough to be that dumb.
You’re so stupid you couldn’t pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
The best part of you ran down your mom’s leg.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d rather have type-2 diabetes.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
May your balls turn square and fester at the corners.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If you were a potato you’d be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn’t what she meant.
You are so ugly that when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
Ready to fail like your dad’s condom?
I’d call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth.
If I wanted to commit suicide I’d climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
I wish u could eat some makeup, so u can be pretty on the inside too
I heard u a player, Nice to meet u I'm the coach
You’re not as dumb as you look.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
You know, people were right about you.
I want you to be the pallbearer at my funeral so you can let me down one last time.
You’ve gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
I’ve forgotten more than you know.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid. I can’t forget that day.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
You’re about as important as a white crayon.
Those teeth look like you could eat an apple through a tennis racquet.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red, violets are violet, my life is better, without you inside it.
The roses have gone, the flowers are dead, the sugar bowls empty and so is your head.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me smart, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say when to stop.
Why are you playing hard to get when you’re so hard to want?
You're as useful as the 'ueue' in 'queue'
Your are the proof god has sense of humour
